Updates for free shipping minimum and new "Delivery Methods" labeling (#556)
magento/merchdocs: src/shipping/fedex.md

   ![]({% link images/images/config-sales-shipping-methods-fedex-account-settings.png %}){: .zoom}
   _[FedEx Account Settings]({% link configuration/sales/delivery-methods.md %})_

## Step 3: Package description and handling fee

1. Select the **Packages Request Type** to the option that best describes your preference when splitting an order into multiple shipments:

   - `Divide to equal weight (one request)`
   - `Use origin weight (few requests)`

1. Select the type of **Packaging** typically used to ship products from your store.

1. Set **Dropoff** to the pick-up method that will be used for delivery.

    |Regular Pickup|If you have a high volume of shipments, it can be cost effective to make arrangements with FedEx for regular pickups.|
    |Request Courier|You must call and request a FedEx courier to pick-up shipments.|
    |Drop Box|You must drop off shipments at your nearby FedEx drop box.|
    |Business Service Center|You must drop off shipments at your local FedEx business service center.|
    |Station|You must drop off shipments at your local FedEx station.|

1. Set **Weight Unit** to the unit of measurement that is used in your locale.

>    - Pounds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `Pounds`
```

>    - Kilograms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `Kilograms`
```

1. Enter the **Maximum Package Weight** allowed for FedEx shipments.

   The default FedEx maximum weight is 150 lbs. Consult your shipping carrier for more information. We recommend using the default value, unless you have made special arrangements with FedEx. See also: [Dimensional Weight]({% link shipping/weight-dimensional.md %}).

   ![]({% link images/images/config-sales-shipping-methods-fedex-packaging.png %}){: .zoom}
   _[FedEx Package Settings]({% link configuration/sales/delivery-methods.md %})_

1. Configure the handling fee options according to your requirements.

>    The handling fee is optional, and is not visible during checkout. If you want to include a handling fee, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The handling fee is optional and is not visible during checkout. If you want to include a handling fee, do the following:
```

   ![]({% link images/images/config-sales-shipping-methods-fedex-handling-fee.png %}){: .zoom}
   _[FedEx Handling Fee Settings]({% link configuration/sales/delivery-methods.md %})_

## Step 4: Allowed methods and applicable countries

1. Set **Allowed Methods** to each method of shipment that you want to offer.

   When choosing methods, take into consideration your FedEx account, the frequency and size of your shipments, and if you allow international shipments. You can offer as many or as few methods as you want, such as:

   - Europe First Priority
   - Delivery day options: 1 Day Freight, 2 Day Freight, 2 Day, 2 Day AM, 3 Day Freight
   - Domestic options–Express Saver, Ground, First, Overnight, Home Delivery, Standard Overnight
   - International options–International Economy, Intl Economy Freight, International First, International Ground, International, Priority Intl
   - Priority options–Freight, Priority Overnight
   - Smart Post–If offering the Smart Post method (enter the **Hub ID**)
   - Freight options–Freight, National Freight

1. If you want to provide a [Free Shipping]({% link shipping/shipping-free.md %}) option through FedEx, set the free shipping options.

>    - Set **Free Method** to the method you want to use for free shipping. If you don’t want to offer free shipping through FedEx, choose `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Set **Free Method** to the method you want to use for free shipping. If you do not want to offer free shipping through FedEx, choose `None`.
```
